you
lockdown who sent you here
that doesn't matter what matters is your
diction blooded assassin one of the
galaxy's most brutal trackers challenge
accepted
you don't stand a chance after I shoot
you with my face trust me I know the
weakness of Sai control then this is
where wait what what's your problem with
your face yeah how I mean it's not like
your face can transform into a bright
Primus no this is where the last prime
Falls
oh did I get you ah no dammit I can't
see in this thing
well that seems very defective you sell
what my mother oh shit
someone's got mommy problems someone's
got a skirt how dare you add salt to
skirt can you just tell me if I was
close to killing you your aim was just a
bit off look to the left too far left go
right more left just a bit more left
ouch my art just kidding more left
how about that almost just turn a
hundred and eighty degrees what no one
insults the skirt
face fetish